Add allowlist ip address kb article (#1875)
vercel/docs: pages/knowledge/how-to-allowlist-deployment-ip-address.mdx

import Layout from '~/components/layout/knowledge'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'

export const meta = {
  title: 'How do I identify my Vercel deployment IP address?',
  description:
    'Information on how to handle IP allowlisting for a Vercel deployment.',
  editUrl: 'pages/knowledge/how-to-allowlist-deployment-ip-address.mdx',
  url: '/knowledge/how-to-allowlist-deployment-ip-address',
  published: '2020-06-04T18:54:36.000Z',
  lastEdited: '2020-05-24T18:54:36.000Z'
}

When using third-party services such as databases, you may encounter the option to restrict incoming traffic to your resource to a specific IP address or address range.

Vercel deployments use dynamic IP addresses to ensure maximum scalability. As a result, **it is not possible to determine the deployment IP address or address range** because the IP may change at any time as the deployment scales instances or across regions.

## Allow All IP Addresses

> To ensure your Vercel deployment is able to access the resource, you should allowlist all addresses, entering an IP address of `(0.0.0.0)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure your Vercel deployment is able to access the external resource, you should allow connections from all IP addresses. Typically this can be achieved by entering an IP address of `(0.0.0.0)`.
```

> Whilst this may sound concerning, to allow connections from all IP addresses, research has shown that relying on IP allowlisting for security is ineffective and can lead to weak passwords being used.

Reviewer: I am not sure, but "Whilst" sounds wrong here. Maybe US vs UK difference? Can say it a different way?

Reviewer 2: Definitely US vs UK, I've changed to "While".

> To properly secure your database, we recommend using a randomly generated password, at least 32 characters in length, and to rotate this password on a regular basis.

Reviewer: Let's link to environment variable usage here so they will know how to assign a password

Reviewer 2: Good point, added a link.
